窶ｪYou know. Gesh.
窶ｪI knew you were slow.
窶ｪbut I didn't know it was this bad.
窶ｪSo. what you're telling me is that
窶ｪyou want to settle for 3.5 million?
窶ｪGesh. if I were to take this matter
窶ｪand drag it to court.
窶ｪJ&J won't survive
窶ｪthe things I'll expose to the public.
窶ｪYou'll also be dragging your name
窶ｪthrough the mud.
窶ｪWhy am I even talking to you?
窶ｪWhere's Jonasi?
窶ｪThe man who actually
窶ｪmakes the decisions around here.
窶ｪOh. he's on holiday窶ｦ
窶ｪ-[dramatic music playing]
窶ｪ-窶ｦwith his wife.
窶ｪFuck!
窶ｪ-[birds squawking]
窶ｪ-[gentle music playing]
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪ-[chuckling]
窶ｪYeah.
窶ｪ-I fell asleep for a few minutes窶ｦ
窶ｪ-Mmm.
窶ｪ窶ｦand you found a chance to sneak away?
窶ｪ-Hmm?
窶ｪ-You were napping.
窶ｪ-Wait. what are you doing?
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪ-[moaning]
窶ｪ-Stop it. Jo.
窶ｪ-Aren't you satisfied yet?
窶ｪ-How can I ever be satisfied?
窶ｪWith such a beautiful wife? [moans]
窶ｪNever. Never.
窶ｪ-Mmm.
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪI've heard that before.
窶ｪReally?
窶ｪCome on.
窶ｪWhat?
窶ｪListen.
窶ｪIt's you and me now.
窶ｪAnd for good this time.
窶ｪI'm here now.
窶ｪI'm here and I'm not going anywhere.
窶ｪ[Joyce] 窶ｪJonasi wants a divorce.
窶ｪI will not sign this nonsense of yours.
窶ｪ-Are we clear?
窶ｪ-You don't have a choice.
窶ｪI want to make everything right.
窶ｪ[sighs]
窶ｪ-I love you.
窶ｪ-Jo窶ｦ
窶ｪWe have to move on.
窶ｪLet's not dwell on the past.
窶ｪI love you.
窶ｪStop! Just stop it. Jonasi!
窶ｪWhat are people gonna say?
窶ｪI love you. babe.
窶ｪBaby.
窶ｪI love you.
窶ｪ-[gentle music playing]
窶ｪ-Hmm?
窶ｪ[whispers] I love you.
窶ｪ-I love you.
窶ｪ-[exhales sharply]
窶ｪI love you here.
窶ｪ[Jonasi moans]
窶ｪ-And here.
窶ｪ-[breathing heavily]
窶ｪAnd here as well.
窶ｪ[breathes sharply]
窶ｪ[moans]
窶ｪ[Joyce moans]
窶ｪ[Essie] Let me see. Seventeen bucks.
窶ｪTwo. three窶ｦ One. two. three. four. five窶ｦ
窶ｪ-Essie. it's all there.
窶ｪ-I'm just making sure.
窶ｪ[coughs] You know what's shocking?
窶ｪJoyce is actually dumber than I thought.
窶ｪShe really thinks Jonasi will change?
窶ｪ-People change out there. my baby.
窶ｪ-Wow.
窶ｪ[clicks tongue] Since when?
窶ｪWhat I like is that this experience.
窶ｪpoor thing.
窶ｪit's really cut her down to size.
窶ｪ[chuckles] Look at her.
窶ｪThe thing is
窶ｪshe thought she's a princess. right?
窶ｪAll powerful.
窶ｪlooking down on us from a pedestal.
窶ｪWow.
窶ｪ-She must take advice from us.
窶ｪ-[Sarah] Ma.
窶ｪHe brought her to her knees.
窶ｪDown to earth. like the rest of us.
窶ｪ-Ma.
窶ｪ-What?
窶ｪCan I have a new phone?
窶ｪWhat happened to your phone?
窶ｪ-Broken?
窶ｪ-No. no.
窶ｪI'd like an iPhone like Mpume.
窶ｪHa! There you go again.
窶ｪSarah. what I'm hearing
窶ｪis that you want an iPhone
窶ｪjust because Mpume has an iPhone?
窶ｪYes. I want an iPhone
窶ｪbecause Mpume has one too. Mom.
窶ｪHey! Listen.
窶ｪyou will not raise your voice at me.
窶ｪCalm down and don't talk to me like that.
窶ｪYou're also going to drop this topic.
窶ｪYou don't want things to get ugly.
窶ｪSo. drop it.
窶ｪGoodness! Sarah. don't test me.
窶ｪDon't test me. Don't ever.
窶ｪEssie. She heard you.
窶ｪMm-mmm.
窶ｪ["Kupholiwe" playing]
窶ｪ-[music stops]
窶ｪ-Uh. so this is.
窶ｪit's produced in a valley called Loire.
窶ｪYes. in the South West of France.
窶ｪIt's aged in oak barrels
窶ｪfor. like. 25 years.
窶ｪYou know a lot of things.
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪ-Hey. Lindani.
窶ｪLet's finish our assignment.
窶ｪI want to be free and hit the streets.
窶ｪYou have time to think about
窶ｪassignments while you have a visa?
窶ｪWhen you have the whole house
窶ｪto yourselves?
窶ｪI say let's throw a party.
窶ｪMm-mmm.
窶ｪMenzi.
窶ｪYou're the head of the house.
窶ｪYou're the man. what do you say?
窶ｪUm. I don't know.
窶ｪYeah. why not?
窶ｪ-Why not?
窶ｪ-Yeah. we can窶ｦ we can do it.
窶ｪ-Fine.
窶ｪChildren of Gomora. what do you say?
窶ｪAre we doing this party or what?
窶ｪWe can call Mbali
窶ｪand see if she's around. you know?
窶ｪCheck on her.
窶ｪYes. hello. Mbali?
窶ｪYou know. friend.
窶ｪwhat you should've done
窶ｪis tell them you have a sex tape.
窶ｪAnd you're going to release it
窶ｪwith the company logo. Hmm?
窶ｪ[scoffs] Brewed by Baba my foot!
窶ｪI'm sure Joyce probably planned
窶ｪthe whole thing just to suck up to Jonasi.
窶ｪ-[groans]
窶ｪ-You see. men窶ｦ
窶ｪYou see. men. friend窶ｦ
窶ｪMen are just dogs. Hmm?
窶ｪAll they do is use you
窶ｪand then go back to their wives.
窶ｪ[groans] You know what?
窶ｪYou know what. friend?
窶ｪFuck Jonasi.
窶ｪFuck Jonasi motherfucking Gomora.
窶ｪ-Hmm?
窶ｪ-You know what I'm gonna do?
窶ｪI'm going to get myself a man
窶ｪten times more powerful than him.
窶ｪ-He's underestimating me.
窶ｪ-Oh. yes!
窶ｪThat's my girl.
窶ｪ[crickets chirping]
窶ｪLet's make another baby.
窶ｪ-[chuckles] Oh. stop it.
窶ｪ-I'm serious.
窶ｪ-No. why are we making a baby?
窶ｪ-Yeah.
窶ｪMm-mmm.
窶ｪ-We'll call him Mlungisi.
窶ｪ-Oh.
窶ｪHe'll make everything
窶ｪin this family right again.
窶ｪ-Mmm. Okay.
窶ｪ-Mm-hmm.
窶ｪI think you just
窶ｪmiss your children. that's all.
窶ｪ-Oh. my love. I've missed you all.
窶ｪ-Yeah. no. you miss your children.
窶ｪI've missed all of you.
窶ｪMm-hmm.
窶ｪ[gasps] Oh. and another thing.
窶ｪ-Mm-hmm.
窶ｪ-Let's go back home.
窶ｪ-How can we just go back home?
窶ｪ-It's home.
窶ｪNo way.
窶ｪwe still have one more day left here.
窶ｪWe need to relax窶ｦ
窶ｪMm-mmm.
窶ｪ-窶ｦand enjoy each other.
窶ｪ-Let's enjoy窶ｦ
窶ｪ-Have fun.
窶ｪ-Mmm. but then we窶ｦ
窶ｪ-But you know窶ｦ
窶ｪ-Mm-hmm.
窶ｪ窶ｦI want to have our Sunday braai. my love.
窶ｪ-[Joyce] Tradition.
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] Hmm? I want it to be a surprise.
窶ｪ[phone rings. beeps]
窶ｪ-Hi. Dad.
窶ｪ-How are things going?
窶ｪI hope Nkazimulo is okay over there.
窶ｪYeah. he's having fun with his Grandma.
窶ｪThat's good.
窶ｪBecause your sister. on the other hand
窶ｪhasn't been answering my calls.
窶ｪOh. I think she left
窶ｪher phone charging upstairs.
窶ｪ-Would you like to speak to her?
窶ｪ-Mm-hmm.
窶ｪIt's Dad.
窶ｪUgh. I don't wanna talk to him.
窶ｪ[Menzi]窶ｪ Mpume.
窶ｪ[Joyce] Please move. my love.
窶ｪso Dad can sit in his chair.
窶ｪDad. sorry about that. She窶ｦ
窶ｪShe's just walked out.
窶ｪYeah. I think Lindani's here.
窶ｪMenzi. don't lie to me.
窶ｪBut you know what. it's fine.
窶ｪJust put me on speaker.
窶ｪ-[phone beeps]
窶ｪ-Baby girl.
窶ｪI know you must be feeling
窶ｪlike I've disappointed you.
窶ｪBut I'm your father.
窶ｪand you have to respect me.
窶ｪAnd you too. Menzi.
窶ｪstep up as the eldest and act like a man.
窶ｪBecause I'm not going anywhere.
窶ｪand you two need to accept that.
窶ｪBye.
窶ｪThank you. minister. for agreeing
窶ｪto see me for this lovely dinner.
窶ｪYou know I was really surprised
窶ｪwhen I got a call from you.
窶ｪBecause all along.
窶ｪI thought you were happy at J&J.
窶ｪHmm. let's just say
窶ｪJ&J wasn't for me anymore.
窶ｪ-Yeah?
窶ｪ-You know. policy is where窶ｦ
窶ｪthe real change starts.
窶ｪWhich is why
窶ｪI wanna make this career pivot.
窶ｪTell you what.
窶ｪlet's stop beating around the bush
窶ｪlike little kids.
窶ｪLet's get to the point.
窶ｪOh.
窶ｪI want to know you better.
窶ｪ[suspenseful music playing]
窶ｪOh.
窶ｪWhat would the minister
窶ｪlike to know about me?
窶ｪI want to know everything.
窶ｪTo know窶ｦ
窶ｪevery inch of you.
窶ｪ[gqom music playing]
窶ｪ[chattering]
窶ｪDrink up. drink up.
窶ｪ[chuckles]
窶ｪ[Menzi] Hi.
窶ｪ-Hi.
窶ｪ-Oh. hi. Menzi.
窶ｪ-[chuckles]
窶ｪ-Oh!
窶ｪYou brought out the good stuff today?
窶ｪSomeone like you
窶ｪis needed in life. [chuckles]
窶ｪ-Baby.
窶ｪ-[Xolani] Yo.
窶ｪLook at what Menzi brought for us.
窶ｪ-Please open it.
窶ｪ-Oh. yeah?
窶ｪLet me just grab some ice.
窶ｪBaby. do you want us
窶ｪto drink it here or outside?
窶ｪI think we should drink it outside.
窶ｪ-Oh. yeah? Oh. yeah?
窶ｪ-Yeah. [chuckles]
窶ｪ-Thank you. Brother.
窶ｪ-Thank you. Menzi.
窶ｪ-You're the best. Mwah! [chuckles]
窶ｪ-Let's go.
窶ｪ[Freedom laughing]
窶ｪWow. my dawg.
窶ｪThe main man. How is Mommy's little boy?
窶ｪYou know what. my man?
窶ｪYou see that girl right there?
窶ｪShe has you in the palm of her hand.
窶ｪWho are these people now?
窶ｪ-I told you to come alone.
窶ｪ-Forget about the gents. Never mind them.
窶ｪ-No. no. no.
窶ｪ-Listen.
窶ｪI want us to switch things up
窶ｪand change your tactics.
窶ｪ-[exhales sharply]
窶ｪ-What? Are you okay?
窶ｪYeah. um. I'm okay.
窶ｪ-Don't you want to go back to the party?
窶ｪ-No. baby.
窶ｪI have a better idea.
窶ｪLet's go to your bedroom
窶ｪand spend some quality time.
窶ｪ-You know what I mean?
窶ｪ-Mm-mmm.
窶ｪLook. Bongs. I'm not ready. baby.
窶ｪIt's okay. my love. I'll be gentle.
窶ｪ[grunts] Listen. Bongs.
窶ｪWe've been drinking. baby.
窶ｪAnd as for me
窶ｪI want my first time to be special.
窶ｪYou understand. right?
窶ｪ[sighs]
窶ｪYeah. It's fine.
窶ｪ-I'll wait.
窶ｪ-Thank you.
窶ｪYeah. I understand. baby. I'll wait.
窶ｪOkay. kiss me.
窶ｪMoney really can't
窶ｪbuy you style. you know?
窶ｪUgh.
窶ｪ[scoffs]
窶ｪ[suspenseful music playing]
窶ｪ[music stops]
窶ｪ[gqom music playing]
窶ｪ[Joyce] What?
窶ｪ-My goodness.
窶ｪ-And then?
窶ｪWhat in the world have your kids done now?
窶ｪYou know what? I'm going to kill someone.
窶ｪ-[Joyce] Stop it. stop.
窶ｪ-I'm going to kill them.
窶ｪJust wait. babe. Stop.
窶ｪ[chattering]
窶ｪ[coughing]
窶ｪHey!
窶ｪ-[music stops]
窶ｪ-Oh. come on! Who turned off the music?
窶ｪWe're dancing.
窶ｪ[Mpume] Dad? [groans]
窶ｪWhat are you doing here?
窶ｪ[coughs. vomits]
窶ｪMpume. look at yourself.
窶ｪWhat do you call this?
窶ｪ-[Joyce] Mpume.
窶ｪ-All of you. get out!
窶ｪGet out of my house!
窶ｪGet the hell out of my house! Get out!
窶ｪOut! Out! All of you!
窶ｪ[chattering]
窶ｪHey. you two over there. Hey!
窶ｪAnd where are you going?
窶ｪThis stunt you just pulled in my house.
窶ｪI expected it from him.
窶ｪNot you. Sarah.
窶ｪI thought you had more sense.
窶ｪMore than them.
窶ｪ[slurring] Hey. piss off. [clicks tongue]
窶ｪI don't have to listen to this shit.
窶ｪMenzi. Hey.
窶ｪGoodbye. my friend. Okay?
窶ｪThank you. J.
窶ｪWow.
窶ｪListen. boy.
窶ｪDo me a favor and stay away from that boy.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Sarah. go with him.
窶ｪMenzi.
窶ｪis this your way of showing me
窶ｪyou're a man now?
窶ｪSo every time I leave this house.
窶ｪI need to get a nanny
窶ｪto look after you guys?
窶ｪYou were supposed to be a man.
窶ｪTake your sister to her room.
窶ｪ-Mpume. Let's go.
窶ｪ-[slurps] Hmm?
窶ｪ[Joyce] Mm-mmm. mm-mmm. mm-mmm.
窶ｪYou're not going anywhere.
窶ｪStay here and clean up
窶ｪthe mess you guys have made.
窶ｪLet's go. my love.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Yeah. let's go.
窶ｪ-[dog barking]
窶ｪ-[crickets chirping]
窶ｪ[suspenseful music playing]
窶ｪ-[hopeful music playing]
窶ｪ-[Mpume] Damn it. man!
窶ｪLindani. didn't you see my phone
窶ｪwhen you were cleaning?
窶ｪ[Lindani] Mm-mmm. maybe Sis' Ntombi knows.
窶ｪShe was here in the morning.
窶ｪI've already asked her.
窶ｪ-She doesn't know. Lindani.
窶ｪ-[Menzi groans]
窶ｪGoodness. Can't you guys hear
窶ｪthat you're making noise?
窶ｪI can't find my phone.
窶ｪHave you tried calling it?
窶ｪGive me your phone.
窶ｪI'll check on Find My iPhone.
窶ｪAh. geez. What's up with you?
窶ｪ-Say please. Why don't you ask me nicely?
窶ｪ-[grunts]
窶ｪGosh. [chuckles]
窶ｪ-Hi.
窶ｪ[suspenseful music playing]
窶ｪ[Mpume] Knock. knock.
窶ｪ-How are you. Ma?
窶ｪ-Yes. Mpume.
窶ｪCuz. is Freedom around?
窶ｪ-What do you want from my brother?
窶ｪ-My phone is missing.
窶ｪFind My iPhone says it's in Soweto.
窶ｪSo. if it says it's in Soweto
窶ｪdoes it mean Freedom stole it?
窶ｪNo. Ma. I'm here to ask Free and Sarah
窶ｪif they haven't seen my phone.
窶ｪYou came to ask Sarah and Freedom?
窶ｪDoesn't Lindani also live in Soweto?
窶ｪ-Why don't you ask your friend?
窶ｪ-Don't you start with me.
窶ｪ-[scoffs]
窶ｪ-Calm down.
窶ｪ-[Lindani clicks tongue]
窶ｪ-Isn't your father rich?
窶ｪCan't he buy another phone.
窶ｪ-since you lost the one you had?
窶ｪ-What does that have to do with you?
窶ｪ[groans]
窶ｪI think I partied too hard last night.
窶ｪ[groans] You see. today's hangover窶ｦ
窶ｪEish.
窶ｪFeels like I was hit by a bus.
窶ｪOh. wow. [chuckles]
窶ｪWe've got the entire Destiny's Child
窶ｪin here.
窶ｪ-What's up?
窶ｪ-Freedom. my phone's missing.
窶ｪ-Okay?
窶ｪ-Oh. come on. I know you took my phone.
窶ｪ[Freedom] Hey. hey!
窶ｪYou came all the way
窶ｪfrom the Gomoras' house
窶ｪ-just to tell me this shit?
窶ｪ-[Mpume] Okay. fine.
窶ｪLet's go to the cops
窶ｪand ask them to help us find it.
窶ｪ[Freedom] I don't have a problem at all.
窶ｪDo what you want.
窶ｪI'll even accompany you
窶ｪto the police station.
窶ｪMpume. get out of here.
窶ｪ-Piss off.
窶ｪ-Don't tell her to piss off. Sarah.
窶ｪ-I said get the hell out of here!
窶ｪ-We're leaving anyway.
窶ｪ-Piss off!
窶ｪ-My goodness.
窶ｪ-What's wrong with this child?
窶ｪ-I said leave!
窶ｪMa. let's carry on.
窶ｪDon't mind this nonsense.
窶ｪ-I said leave! Get out!
窶ｪ-I want my phone.
窶ｪUgh. Ugh!
窶ｪMa. add more flour. [clicks tongue]
窶ｪThey're just hungover. these ones.
窶ｪThat's all.
窶ｪAdd more flour. Ma.
窶ｪThat party should never
窶ｪhappened under Menzi's watch.
窶ｪHe should've stopped it.
窶ｪThat's what I'm saying.
窶ｪMenzi forgets that he's actually a Gomora.
窶ｪ-Okay.
窶ｪ-Who did he take after?
窶ｪ-Definitely not me.
窶ｪ-Come on.
窶ｪI want Menzi to run J&J one day.
窶ｪ[sighs] That boy. He's way too soft.
窶ｪThey're good kids. they are.
窶ｪThey need to grow up.
窶ｪThey must do better.
窶ｪI think that you also need to remember
窶ｪthat these kids.
窶ｪthe year we were apart.
窶ｪwas a really hard year for them.
窶ｪThe kids.
窶ｪthey really went through a lot as well.
窶ｪYes. But I'm back now.
窶ｪRight?
窶ｪ-[sighs]
窶ｪ-Listen.
窶ｪI have a request here.
窶ｪCan we no longer talk about
窶ｪhow you and I were separated?
窶ｪ-Okay.
窶ｪ-There we go.
窶ｪ-Listen.
窶ｪ-Mmm.
窶ｪCan I ask you to please excuse me.
窶ｪI need to go to the bathroom.
窶ｪ-Should I accompany you?
窶ｪ-Excuse me.
窶ｪ-Accompany where?
窶ｪ-Mm-hmm.
窶ｪI don't need you to accompany me.
窶ｪbut I'll be very quick.
窶ｪ-Mmm. Hurry back.
窶ｪ-Okay?
窶ｪ-I'm coming back. Okay.
窶ｪ-Hurry.
窶ｪ[exhales sharply]
窶ｪMinister.
窶ｪAh. Comrade Gomora. How are you. cadre?
窶ｪ-All is well. comrade.
窶ｪ-Good. good. good.
窶ｪ-Great. great.
窶ｪ-Hey.
窶ｪI see that you also have company.
窶ｪ-Hello.
窶ｪ-Hello to you too.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Mmm.
窶ｪAs the old saying goes.
窶ｪone man's loss is another man's gain.
窶ｪ-Oh?
窶ｪ-Well. I've taken her in.
窶ｪAnd she works in my department now.
窶ｪ-She's doing a stellar job.
窶ｪ-[Matipa] Aw. [chuckles]
窶ｪShe's a dedicated and hard worker.
窶ｪMmm. Ah. yes. She really is.
窶ｪ-[minister] Yes.
窶ｪ-[phone buzzing]
窶ｪOh. sorry. Number one.
窶ｪ-Cadre. yes. yes. Hello.
窶ｪ-[grunts]
窶ｪWell. if you will excuse me.
窶ｪI need to go powder my nose.
窶ｪ-Wait.
窶ｪ-[suspenseful music playing]
窶ｪ-Are you fucking him?
窶ｪ-Ah窶ｦ [chuckles]
窶ｪ-Are you fucking the minister?
窶ｪ-I don't fucking answer to you anymore.
窶ｪ-Oh?
窶ｪ-In case you've forgotten.
窶ｪTell me. Jonasi.
窶ｪYour wife. won't she be wondering
窶ｪwhere you are right now? Hmm?
窶ｪThe father of her children.
窶ｪHuh?
窶ｪDon't insult me.
窶ｪI'm insulting you?
窶ｪI want you to return Mpume's phone.
窶ｪBut Ma. I don't know
窶ｪwhere Mpume's phone is. though.
窶ｪSarah.
窶ｪLook at me.
窶ｪ[exhales sharply]
窶ｪ[gqom music playing on headphones]
窶ｪ[clears throat]
窶ｪ[Jonasi] Listen here. boy.
窶ｪ[music stops]
窶ｪWhy did you窶ｦ
窶ｪlet Mpume and her friends
窶ｪturn my house into a madhouse?
窶ｪ[Joyce] Jonasi.
窶ｪ-I thought we already spoke about this?
窶ｪ-No. love.
窶ｪI want Menzi to answer.
窶ｪ[stammering] Yes. Dad.
窶ｪI tried to stop them. You can ask Mpume.
窶ｪ-Mpume!
窶ｪ-[Jonasi] I'm asking you.
窶ｪYou're the firstborn son.
窶ｪSo why are you acting weak
窶ｪwhen you're my son?
窶ｪYou haven't been the man
窶ｪof this house for the entire year.
窶ｪAt least Menzi's trying.
窶ｪ[suspenseful music playing]
窶ｪExcuse me?
窶ｪWhat did you say to me?
窶ｪMy love.
窶ｪ-Who do you think you're talking to?
窶ｪ-Oh. you want to be a father now?
窶ｪYou walked out on us. Dad.
窶ｪHave you forgotten?
窶ｪ[scoffs]
窶ｪHmm. [sniffles]
窶ｪ[sighs] I've seen it all.
窶ｪ[exhales sharply]
窶ｪHow the mighty have fallen.
窶ｪ[scoffs]
窶ｪ-[glass shatters]
窶ｪ-[Joyce] Jo!
窶ｪ[dramatic music playing]
窶ｪDon't you ever talk to me like that.
窶ｪUnderstood?
窶ｪJonasi.
窶ｪ[Jonasi] I'm not one of your buddies!
窶ｪDo you hear me. Mpume?
窶ｪYou. stop being a weakling.
窶ｪToughen up.
窶ｪ-Stand up when I'm talking to you!
窶ｪ-Stop!
窶ｪ-Stop being weak!
窶ｪ-Leave him alone!
窶ｪ[distorted clamoring]
窶ｪYou're hurting him!
窶ｪ-Jonasi. stop!
窶ｪ-[breathing heavily]
窶ｪ[Mpume] Do you really wanna kill him?
窶ｪ-[coughing]
窶ｪ-Menzi. are you okay?
窶ｪAre you okay. bro?
窶ｪ-[door slams]
窶ｪ-[Menzi breathing heavily]
窶ｪIt's going to be okay.
窶ｪIt's okay.
窶ｪ[both sobbing]
窶ｪ-[sobbing continues]
窶ｪ-It's okay. my boy.